[12.0][ADD] delivery_package_number: New module (#274)
OCA/delivery-carrier: delivery_package_number/README.rst

============================
Stock Picking Package Number
============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fdelivery-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/delivery/tree/12.0/delivery_package_number
    :alt: OCA/delivery
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/delivery-12-0/delivery-12-0-delivery_package_number
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| 

> This module adds a number of packages field that can be either be set manually
> by the user or computed when the delivery packages flow is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module recovers the number of packages field that was present in previous
versions of Odoo, that can be either be set manually by the user, but also allows
to be computed when the delivery packages flow is used.
```

This field can be used by delivery carrier extensions that need such info to
rate the shipment, print the labels, etc.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

If no delivery packages are used:

#. Go to an open picking and click in the *Additional Info* tab.
#. In the *Delivey Information* section you'll find a **Number of packages**
   field that you can edit.

If delivey packages are used:

> #. The field will be computed depending on the delivery packages used in the

Reviewer: I think the field should always remain writable. The only change using delivery packages is that the field gets auto-filled when you change these packages, but you should be able to change the number of packages anyway. Example of use case: imagine you set packages for an specific product, but the rest are put randomly in other packages and you want to set this manually.
